Aflores plymouth (#234)
osisoft/Edge-Data-Store-Docs: content/logging/system-logging.md

Edge Data Store writes daily log messages to flat text files in the following locations:

  - Windows: `%ProgramData%\OSIsoft\EdgeDataStore\Logs`

  - Linux: `/usr/share/OSIsoft/EdgeDataStore/Logs`

Each message in the log displays the message severity level, timestamp, and the message itself. 

> If the transaction log reaches its maximum size, EDS will send a `DeviceinError` message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the transaction log reaches its maximum size, EDS sends a `DeviceinError` message.
```
